I love ligitimate suffering, and my opportunity for purposeful suffering is when I 
learn coding and IT and wake up my brain!

I concentrate by wide eyes and intense look on my focus as I bring laser like focus
just like I did in Dr. Amoo's class and all things I did passionately!!!

Great now that you are using intensity of foucs for coding, git and learning IT now
your are bound to grow then you'll automatically success! Remember the slightest bit
of doubt and just going through the motion is killing you. Especially if you have
slight degree of ADHD! The only way to counter it is by how you did it in Dr. Amoo's 
class and all the other time I brough passion, physicality, will, and then the time 
I put in paid off. Then it will all began to click and work and I find flow then I am 
trusting the process and make it work for me which result in sucess!

Always be on your edge, intensily, and passionately learn. As you engage with your eyes,
mind, body, and spirit then you can overcome your ADD. Then you'll see more flashes 
of your brilliance until it shines bright with continues sharpening the sord. 


So you are awre of your disocery to overcome your ADHD but to be super powerful you 
have to kill all seeds of doubt. Not even a morsel, not a molecule of dout and filled
with intense faith and passion as you attack resistance and WORK! The combination of 
both is deadly then you'll slahs thorugh duties and learn at a speed and you'll grow
therefore you'll naturally succeed!


When you start your work so always maintain that level of intensisity, passion, and 
that firey look. Remember you work best when your physilogy speaks passion and heart
then your intellect works better as well!

Now that you are living and studying with combo of today's discovery now blending with
exercise, meditation, and therapy, everything will come together and you are about to have 
a major break through.

I can't wait to meditate and really find more inner peace and greater concentration!!! 

This is awesome as I am learning GitHub and finding some enjoymen in the process. This 
combination really works. I did drift off but I catch myself and keep bringing back
intensity and foucs and learning well. 

I am loving this, I am loving the process. 

This is awesome, my youtube channel is growing and I am enjoying my learning process!

Life is suffering, this the truth and it is one of the greatest truth. Once you realize it and 
run toward ligitimate suffering then life gets easier. 


